Hello, I'm Professor Brian Bushee.
Welcome back.
In this video, we're gonna do a quick look
at different sources where you can get
financial statement
information about companies.
This video is optional so if you
already know a lot of these sources,
you don't need to watch the video.
But if you're new to this and you want
some advice on places that you can get
the kind of financial statement
information on companies that we'll use in
this course then this is the video for
you.
Let's get started.
The first source to go to find
a Company's financial statement data
is it's on website.
On the website, there's usually
an investor relations page that will have
all the company's financial statements.
Let me show you.
Let's go to the 3M Company's website.
To find the financial information,
you generally have to go
to the bottom of a website.
Cuz for some reason companies are much
more interested in trying to convince
you to buy their products,
than they are in having you take
a look at their financial statements.
So way down here at the bottom,
under About Us,
we have Investor Relations,
then there is a link for Financials,
where you can get Quarterly Earnings,
Annual Reports, SEC Filings.
Let's look at Annual Reports.
And here is the 24 Annual Report.
We can click on that and
then if you go in far enough,
you'll eventually find
the financial statements.
Another good place to look
is the SEC Edgar website.
The SEC is the US Securities and
Exchange Commission.
In here's where they have all the
financial filings for US companies and for
any non-US companies that
are listed in US markets.
So lemme show what this looks like.
If you Google SEC Edgar,
you'll come up with this webpage.
You can type in a company name so
we'll do 3m, Search.
Here's 3M company.
Click on that, then you can see all of
their filings, the AKs current reports,
quarterly reports.
If you want to find the an report or
10K you can just put that in and search.
Then you can click, click,
click on financial statements and,
voila, you get to the 3M company
financial statements on the SEC website.
>> Professor,
I only follow companies in Hong Kong.
That SEC Edgar website is useless to me.
What do you propose I do?
>> Well, I would suggest that you search
for the information on the internet.
So I Googled Hong Kong
company finance statements.
I found this website called HKExnews,
where I was able to type in the name of
a company on the exchange, so Phoenix TV.
Then I went down and hit Search, and
it brought up a list of all of
Phoenix TV's filings and press releases.
So I was able to click on interim report,
brought up the interim report.
I was able to page down,
scroll down through all of the pages and
eventually get to their
financial statements.
Now it would take me a lot of time to do
this for all the countries in the world,
cuz last time I looked,
there's a couple hundred of them.
So maybe what I'll suggest is that you
guys create a discussion forum thread.
Where if you find good sources of
financial statements for your country,
you can post it to that thread and
share it with the other students.
Another source you could use is one of the
Internet finance sites like Morningstar,
or Google Finance, or Yahoo Finance,
or Reuters, to give four examples.
>> Dude,
do I like have to subscribe to these?
And like which one should I use?
>> You can get most of the information
you need on these sites for free.
But as you navigate through them,
you may see links to
other useful information that you do
have to subscribe to get access to.
And so if you're gonna do a lot of this,
maybe you do want to subscribe.
Now I'm not gonna recommend
which site to use,
mainly because none of these people
are paying me to recommend them.
So if somebody out there wants
to sponsor this video and
pay me to recommend their site,
maybe I will.
But until then,
I'll just give you a list and
you can decide which ones you want to use.
So let's just take a look at
Morningstar as an example.
So you can type in the ticker
symbol if you know it.
So for 3M it's MMM.
So 3M Company.
Then I can click on Financials.
And it gives me income statement balance
sheet cash flow, I can choose Annual or
Quarterly, amount of periods.
And so this is a quick way that I can
get financial statement information on
a large number of companies.
And the last source is you could subscribe
to the Wharton Research Data Services or
WRDS, let me show you
what that looks like.
If you search under WRDS,
you'll hopefully come to our website for
Wharton Research Data Services.
The benefit of this data is you can
quickly retrieve financial statement items
on thousands and thousands of companies.
The drawback is my understanding,
it's incredibly expensive.
So, you probably only want to do this if
your institution already has an account.
And you could look to see whether,
if you're with the Board of Governors,
US Patent and Trademark, or
various universities or companies,
you might already have an account.
If not and this would be useful to you,
you could talk to your company
about buying an account.
But, this is something that's really
good if you work for an institution and
you need to do heavy-duty data analysis.
But if you're just an individual
that's gonna dabble in this stuff,
you probably want to use one of
the sources that we looked at earlier.
>> Okay, got it!
When are we going to do
something interesting?
>> Okay, okay enough with
the optional preliminaries.
In the next video, we'll start
doing the more interesting stuff.
But you gotta give me some credit, at
least I brought this in under 15 minutes.
It's really hard for me to make
a video that's less than 15 minutes.
That wraps up our look at the different
sources that you can get financial
statement information.
In the next video,
we will start our analysis of a company
using ratio-analysis techniques.
I'll see you then.
>> See you next video!